Thank you, New York.
It's humbling to be speaking to you
as mayor of this fair city.
The city is in shambles.
A feeling of uneasiness...
... as if at any moment,
things could explode.
NYPD. Do not move.
Remember I told you
that I'd get things done?
Well, here I am getting them done.
An NYPD cop is dead.
And anytime that happens,
a big machine gets turned on
to try to figure out what went wrong.
And to punish whoever killed the cop.
Do some digging on Hector.
Something doesn't track.
Mr. Ayala, yes or no. Are you the
vigilante known as the White Tiger?
Objection, Your Honor!
Order!
These vigilantes, they are not heroes.
In the matter of
the People v. Hector Ayala,
the jury finds the defendant not guilty.
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
- Sorry about your client, Murdock.
- Yeah, me too.
So, 9 millimeter to the temple.
Execution style. No room
for error. What else?
The right side marginal abrasion.
External bevel on the entrance
wound. Exit wound has skin tears
- and raised skull fragments.
- Projectile?
Not recovered. High velocity,
jacketed. Maybe even custom.
Single kill shot at extreme close range
and no one found the casing?
Hey. If it's not on the body,
it's not my problem.
How did you get in here?
I want to see my uncle, Hector Ayala.
- You're not supposed to be here.
- It's okay, Angela,
- he's right.
- You got him out of jail.
Lotta good that did him, huh?
I wanna see my tío. I... I
wanna see what they did to him.
You don't, trust me.
It's best you remember
Hector the way he was.
Come on. Let's go.
They killed him, didn't they?
The police.
We... We don't know. We
don't know that, Angela.
Come on. You're a lawyer.
You ain't dumb. He got
in the middle of something.
Busted up a fight with his mask off.
Asshole cops were dirty.
You got him out of jail.
They put a bullet through his head.
You don't gotta be good at math to
put one and one together, you know?
I know.
- I'm sorry.
- I hate them, Mr. Murdock.
I hate this city. No one's
doing anything about it
and no one's ever gonna
do anything about it,
'cause he was just Hector
from the Heights
and they're the fucking cops.
It's not fair. It's not fair.
I know, I know. It's okay.
It's okay. Look, here,
listen. Listen to me.
You have to believe that someone
will find his killer. Okay?
We have to believe it. You understand?
Come here.
Oh, shit!
Here you go.
- Thank you.
- Yep.
- Hey!
Shots!
I can't, BB. I think I gotta take off.
No, come on!
Dude, Fisk is riding you way too
hard. This whole in by eight...
Seven, actually. So, I gotta go.
Hey, see, this is exactly
what I'm talking about.
Any normal job, we would
take a few more shots,
hit up that spot on 23rd,
sleep on the train,
take a shower, go to work
and do it all over again.
What kind of normal routine
is that? Absolutely not.
Dude, and working for Fisk is?
What can I say? I love the guy.
Oh, God!
No, seriously. Like this afternoon,
we're supposed to meet
with the CleanGreen Haulers.
It's this new tech company with this
dope recycling idea, you know?
Oh, recycling. That could be cool.
It's awesome. It would actually
decrease garbage output.
Okay, but isn't the problem...
I know you're gonna say
union contracts, but no.
We're gonna start with the ports.
Dual jurisdiction. It's genius.
If we're not gonna keep drinking,
can we at least get some food?
- Absolutely. Yeah. Okay.
- No. I gotta go.
- Come on. We're going.
- Come on.
I...
I am starving.
Ooh, I can go for some
corn cakes right now.
- No, no.
- No, just a quick bite.
I can't, stop making me feel guilty.
Okay. Fine.
Let's get Captain Planet here a cab.
Staten Island Ferry.
- Okay. Bye, grandpa.
- Got it.
No, I didn't do this, man.
You want butter toffee
or caramel with peanuts?
Butter toffee.
- Toffee for the man.
- Man, you can't eat that.
Hey, Wilcox. Are these boxes evidence?
Nah. Them other boxes was
evidence, I paid for this shit.
Hey, seriously. Nothin' for fatty.
Okay, get your ass up. Let's go.
- Man, get... I got it, man. Shit.
- Come on.
- Ready? Let's go.
- All right. All right. All right.
All units...
Incoming call from Kirsten.
Incoming call from Kir...
- Hey.
- Hey. Hi, how are you?
I heard Hector's niece
came to the morgue.
Yeah, it was pretty rough.
- Did she...
- No. God, no. No kid should see that.
Okay, look, this is terrible timing,
- but I need you downtown today.
- Understand.
Yeah.
We'll, uh, post for another associate.
No. The revolver is too low.
Well, I'm working on that, too.
Already set meetings
with a bunch of banks.
Say what you want about big firms,
but you never have to worry
about money problems.
But you're gonna like this one.
It's Leroy Bradford
from the city docket.
I'm underwater on this Madison case
and we owe them a freebie this month.
Can you just meet him down in Detention?
- You had me at freebie.
- Thank you.
I thought we might spend some time
on something we need
to get out into the open.
Until we explore this, we can't
really make any progress.
- Adam...
- I'd rather not.
I understand.
But I would urge you
to sit in the discomfort,
and maybe just for a moment,
we can acknowledge the affair.
That's stupid. A ridiculous term.
Not a dinner party. It was betrayal.
You were gone. I didn't know when
or if you were ever coming back.
You knew. You know me,
you knew I wouldn't stay away.
You left. That was a betrayal.
- You know why...
- Let's let Vanessa speak for a moment.
Tell me about Adam.
- You're asking for details?
- No.
I'm curious about you.
What you were feeling. Why him?
It was his hands.
His hands drew...
- beautiful sketches. I mean, just...
- Can we not?
It was like finding a Klee
at a garage sale. It was just...
He wasn't part of my husband's world.
And what world is that? Politics?
Business.
I see.
Has infidelity been a part
of your marriage before this?
Absolutely not. Never.
You left.
Which felt like taking half of me away.
Did that trigger something
for you, Vanessa?
My father...
he was in textiles.
He would leave for weeks at a time.
He drank.
He, uh, gambled.
His behavior ate at my mother.
Crushed her.
I never respected her for that.
I needed to feel alive.
Not crushed down.
When you left, you hurt me.
You never told me.
I never had a reason to.
I assume you wanna
move forward from this.
- Did you end the affair?
- I never had the opportunity.
Why not? Did something happen?
Wilson, did you confront this man?
Yes.
We had a dialogue.
What kind of dialogue?
A clarifying one.
- Would you like to be more specific?
- No.
Oh... So that's what we're doing here.
This is just window dressing.
I know you, your methods
are much more direct.
No. They were, not now.
It was a conversation.
That's all. There was
no expression of ill intent.
I did tell him how I felt about you.
About our marriage.
And I told him...
... that I couldn't fathom
a life of meaning without her.
And where is Adam now?
I don't know.
I wanna go back to the first question
I asked you during our intake.
"Are we here to dissolve a marriage
or preserve one?"
I want you to think about it.
Really think about it
before I see you again.
Without forgiveness, and
I say this to both of you,
there can be no real healing.
Forgiveness isn't just
the highest act of love,
it is the only way forward.
Good work today.
If you two don't mind,
I'd love to speak to Vanessa
alone for a moment please.
Just the two of us.
Is something wrong, Dr. Glenn?
I'm not sure.
Based on the nature
of our discussion today,
I feel obligated to ask...
Do you feel safe in your marriage?
Oh... You think...
How sweet of you.
My husband is capable of many,
many things, some of them extreme.
Harming me is not one of them.
Mayor Fisk. He might be a nice guy,
but I think he's in over his head.
Vigilantes, love 'em. Should've
had that a long time ago.
They're the only people that can
solve the problem in New York.
I wish I could be a vigilante,
I'd be out there, too.
Leroy Bradford? Is there
a Leroy Bradford?
Man, look at this. I get
the freakin' blind dude.
Let's go.
Bring on the blind justice.
Mr. Bradford, my name is Matthew
Murdock, I'm gonna be your lawyer.
Lucky me.
As I understand it, you've been
charged with petty larceny,
a class A misdemeanor.
The complaint against you alleges
you stole approximately five boxes
- of Fiddle Faddle from a bodega.
- Well, I didn't do it.
- Uh... Okay.
- I said, I didn't do that shit!
I understand. The thing is, the bodega
where this allegedly occurred
has a surveillance system,
involving many cameras.
They've already turned over
to the prosecution footage
which they claim shows
you stealing the items.
In addition, the cashier
is willing to testify
she was an eyewitness
to the whole thing,
and the store security guard will
testify that when he detained you,
you were in possession of multiple boxes
of Fiddle Faddle caramel corn.
Uh, finally, the police will corroborate
that several boxes of the caramel corn
were recovered outside of the store.
Look, I paid for that shit last week.
Unfortunately, it doesn't really
work like that, Mr. Bradford.
Generally, you pay for
what you buy that day.
Then they all lying on me, then.
You hear me?
Um...
Also, I saw them cops
eatin' two boxes of that shit.
Now that I'm entirely
willing to believe.
Then how come they don't arrest
themselves for stealing?
Maybe they should have.
Uh, but the complexity of that aside,
we're here 'cause they arrested you.
Could it have been a Skrull?
Nope.
And the bigger problem
we have is your rap sheet.
How come you guys always
gotta bring that up?
What I did back then ain't got
nothing to do with this.
That's true, but when a judge
sees a sheet like yours,
20, 25 pages of offenses, drugs,
trespassing, panhandling, petty larceny,
not to mention the four separate cases
where you failed to appear in court,
and they had to issue a bench warrant.
I gotta get home, man.
Like I said, I ain't going to jail.
If you decide to fight the case,
with the video evidence,
your rap sheet, history
of bench warrants,
the judge will almost
certainly set bail.
Which means unless
you can pay the bail...
I look like I got money to you?
You're gonna sit in jail
until this whole thing is over.
So what're you trying to tell me to do?
- Cop out? You a cop out lawyer?
- If you take a plea...
No. No!
Look, man, you even think
about telling me to cop out...
You better go out there
and get me my probation.
I'm gonna really try here, Leroy.
Let me be clear, probation
is not gonna be on the table.
Then I ain't takin' it.
Last time you got arrested for stealing,
- you got a 30-day sentence.
- Mmm-hmm.
Which means the DA's office
is almost certainly
gonna offer something
in excess of 30 days.
- Is 30 the same as probation?
- Nope, on 30 you do 20.
- Then I ain't takin' it!
- In which case we're gonna have to talk...
Look, I don't wanna hear no more
shit about "in which case"!
This is my case, and
I'm goin' home on it.
- You hear me, blind man?
- Loud and clear.
Then go out there and do your job
and get me some probation.
- Yeah, let me, uh, see what I can do.
- See?
See, that's funny,
'cause you can't see shit!
I'm not gonna do this...
- Sorry.
- What you got, Murdock?
Morning, Sofija. I'm sure
you look lovely today.
Uh, 8357, Bradford.
Oh... Yeah.
Stole some caramel corn from the bodega.
Yep, that's the guy.
Looks like we went 30 days
on this the last time,
so how about we go 35?
So, the guy's looking for probation.
And I'm looking for Mr. Right.
- You're not him by any chance, are you?
- Maybe for probation.
Or how about you remind your client
that the whole point of deterrents...
A totally discredited penal philosophy,
by the way, but okay.
...  is that sentences go up,
and not down, when you
continue to commit crimes.
Also, deterrence works.
His rap sheet would suggest otherwise.
Maybe we haven't been harsh enough.
Or maybe the whole idea
relies on the theory that
people are actually thinking about
the consequences of their actions,
which I can assure you,
having spent a full five minutes
with Mr. Bradford, he was not.
Can I go five days community
service on the trespass?
Sure. Well, uh, if... if
you don't like deterrents,
how about incapacitation?
Let's just keep him off
the streets for 35 days.
Come on, Sofija, you really
wanna prove a point
over some stolen caramel corn
on Latvian Heritage Day?
How'd you know I was Latvian?
Pretty sure you snuck a piece
of honey cake for breakfast.
- Wow.
- It's a blind thing.
- Mmm.
- You know, heightened senses and all.
Mmm. I can imagine wanting to know
a little bit more about that.
Plus, with a name like Ozola...
Well, given your cultural sensitivity
and your very impressive nose,
I'll give your guy 20 days.
Mmm...
He's really stuck on probation.
Did you remind him that the last time
that he actually got probation,
which was by the way,
- 11 cases ago by my count...
- Yeah.
It only took him two months
before his PO violated
him for failure to report?
What can I say? The guy
has strong preferences.
Yeah, well, so do I.
So, how about this 20 days?
On which he does 15, minus
today. You're really saying
from a philosophical point of view,
two weeks as opposed to probation?
Only you, Murdock. Arguing philosophy
in criminal court arraignments.
You started it. And while we're
on it, isn't it worth pointing out
that the name of the crime we're
dealing with here is "petty larceny"?
From the French, petit. Meaning...
All right, one time only,
last and final offer.
- Mr. Bradford can have ten days.
- Yes!
Thank you.
- See, I knew you believed in redemption.
- Oh, I don't. I don't.
- But I do hope he appreciates you.
- Thank you.
What? No.
What?
Who?
No, no, that guy's an idiot.
No, no, just you. Just
you there at six o'clock.
Officer Powell? I thought
I recognized that voice.
Shit, I gotta go.
Counselor Murdock. Funny how we keep
- finding each other like this.
- Yeah. Isn't it?
You, uh, doing the Lord's work today?
Yeah.
Hey, you couldn't have a weak
link out there, could you?
- What?
- Or, I don't know, maybe it was pride.
Ayala made you look bad, didn't he?
Actually, he flat out embarrassed you,
and you can't have that at the NYPD.
Is that why you did it?
You have yourself a nice day, Counselor.
He had a family.
He had a future. And you
took that away from him.
You can't see this badge, Counselor,
'cause you're fuckin' blind,
but my grandfather wore this badge,
my father wore this badge,
my brother wears this badge,
four of my fuckin' cousins
wear this badge,
they're all knuckleheads,
but they're good cops.
So I wear this fucking badge
with honor, Counselor.
And I don't know nothin' about nothin'
to do with what happened
to Hector Ayala.
But here's somethin' that I know.
An attorney who assaults
a police officer?
Who obstructs an active investigation?
Not somethin' that the Bar
Association's gonna take lightly
- if you catch my meaning.
- Mmm.
Not to mention some of my
more excitable colleagues
- on the force.
- Ah, yeah.
Only... you'd have to bring a few more
than the last time we met, wouldn't you?
All right. I'll be seein'
you, Counselor.
New York City.
The greatest city on Earth.
The heart of finance, publishing.
International diplomacy.
But I think we've lost
something along the way.
Industry.
The pride of the working class.
If I say Red Hook, what
words come to mind?
- Graves.
- Decrepit.
I mean, it's dirty, too.
Yes. This port is a black eye
on the face of this city.
Has been for a while.
I think we can do better.
I'm talkin' about a complete
structural overhaul.
- That's not an option.
- A total transformation.
I told the people of this city I was
gonna come out of the gate strong,
that's exactly what I'm gonna do.
Hell yeah, sir.
Daniel, I want you to
organize a press conference.
I wanna get this message
out immediately.
With all due respect,
you can't just decide something
and then speak it into existence.
And why is that, Sheila?
This is city government.
There are processes.
Yes, processes.
I don't have much use for red tape.
I know you're used
to a different approach,
but that's not how
it works in this office.
These things take time, patience.
What's your opinion, Daniel?
Opinions are above his pay grade.
Besides, there was another mob shooting
yesterday not 50 feet from here.
The third one this month. The
violence makes people uneasy.
This is an ambitious goal.
It's a worthy goal,
I'm not saying we shouldn't do it,
I'm just saying we
need to start smaller.
That could be our next campaign slogan.
I hear you saying that
my plan is improbable,
but not impossible.
You're giving me problems.
I want solutions.
Where do we start?
I suppose we would need
to conduct a feasibility study.
Land surveys, building
permits, zoning laws.
Environmental impact.
Um, traffic issues.
The council will want to know
that this project is viable.
Yes, let's commission that study.
We can't do that without
the council's approval.
- Then get the council to...
- No.
And we can't get
their approval until we ask
the public advocate
to put it on the docket.
- That's the first step?
- Yes, sir.
Let's take that step.
Yes, sir.
In the meantime, sir, we do
have a full day in front of us.
Full days, I like. I'm all yours.
- Uh, thank you, Mr. Mayor.
- Yes.
I... I was basically gonna say
everything that you did, so...
She's right about one thing.
Now what's happening down here
is a bigger problem than you realize.
The other bosses will
continue to create havoc
until one of them is sentenced
or they all die.
- Great news.
- You got me that probation.
Nope. I got you ten days, on
which you do seven, minus today,
you get the weekend bounce back
and you are out on Friday.
- How is that great news?
- Come on, Leroy,
the least you've gotten
in your last ten cases is 20 days.
Anything below 30 is a gift,
ten is a miracle.
Look, I said probation,
and I meant probation!
You took the stuff, Leroy.
There is no probation to be had here.
This is the best deal you're gonna get,
so you tell me, how is this not
a "Good job, counselor" situation?
So, you just wanna
shove my ass into jail
and I'm supposed to thank you?
You just don't get it, do you?
This shit never ends!
I've been jerked around
by the system my whole life.
Last time I got 30 days,
know what happened?
I missed my SSI appointment
and they cut my benefits.
Bad enough trying to live off food
stamps, but when they cut it,
man, it takes forever
to get that shit back regular.
Then you gotta start
eating throw away crap
from supermarket dumpsters,
begging for change,
for food.
And yeah, just once,
I want a dessert.
Something that don't taste like crap.
Something that tastes real good.
So, why'd I get the caramel corn?
I like that shit, and it tastes good.
And for that, they're willing
to spend five times more
to lock me up than they are
willing to spend to feed me.
And you come in here
and tell me that that's a gift?
That I should thank you?
You're right.
It don't matter anyway.
A one, two, three and...
♪ We built this city ♪
♪ We built this city on rock and roll ♪
♪ Built this city ♪
- ♪ We built this city on rock and roll ♪
- ♪ And roll ♪
♪ Marconi plays the mamba
listen to the radio ♪
♪ Don't you remember? ♪
♪ We built this city... ♪
There's somethin' I need to show you.
♪ We built this city on rock... ♪
- Ma'am, you have to see this.
- Just spit it out, Daniel. What?
♪ We built this city
we built this city ♪
♪ We built this city... ♪
It was me. I totally screwed up.
- You did this?
- It was a mistake.
- I... I went out and I...
- You know what?
I don't wanna hear it.
Just call the schedulers and have them
pull the meeting off the calendar. Now.
- I'm sorry.
- I said "now", Daniel.
Yes, ma'am. Got you.
♪ We built this city ♪
- How are we gonna fix that? I mean...
- There is no we.
I was here before you and before Fisk,
and I will be here long
after you're both gone.
I will handle it, understand?
You just keep your mouth shut.
♪ We built this city,
we built this city ♪
♪ We built we built this city ♪
♪ On rock and roll ♪
Just wonderful.
Children have such talent.
Thank you, Mr. Mayor.
Now, for our next one...
No, no, no. No, that's...
that's... that's fine. Fine.
Such talent. And, again,
you were wonderful. And, uh...
as they say, "the city never sleeps".
Everything ready for the
CleanGreen Haulers meeting?
Actually, sir, we've had
to pull that off the calendar.
- There's a small wrinkle.
- What's that?
They're calling you a union buster,
so we've broomed the meeting
off the schedule.
We can do it quietly in a neutral
place sometime soon.
Somebody screwed up.
Leaks happen.
Not in my administration it doesn't.
I want an all hands meeting. Now!
Where am I?
It's the Latvian Cultural Center.
It's on your calendar.
Latvian Heritage Day?
What do I care about Latvian Heritage?
You care because it is
an important constituency.
You won by 16 points
which actually mattered in Queens.
I'm not in the mood.
Respectfully, Mr. Mayor,
this is the job.
Ladies and gentlemen,
and honored guests,
I present to you, the Mayor
of New York City, Wilson Fisk.
"Mayor Garbage?" Is that it?
Is that your best?
You are all here to help me
execute my promises.
My promises to the people!
Simple promises!
I will find out which
one of you leaked this.
I will find out!
It was me, sir. I screwed up.
Damn it.
I completely made a mistake.
This entire thing is my fault.
Everybody out! Out!
You stay! Right here.
Sheila, I said out.
He's mine, sir. Whatever
he did, it's on me.
Okay, fine. Suit yourself.
You can go down with the ship.
I... I wanna apologize,
I didn't mean to do it.
I know that won't make it right.
I know that nothing can.
But I went out to a club
till 4:30, maybe even 5:00,
and I had a couple of...
Look, I had a lot to drink,
tequila and in the spirit
of total honesty,
- there was some ketamine.
- You should probably stop.
I was drunk and stupid and I didn't
mean to do it, but I did do it,
and I know that's unforgivable,
and I'm not even asking for forgiveness,
because... I can't
even forgive myself...
'cause... 'cause the thing
is, you're right.
I don't deserve this job.
And I never did.
So, you're right to fire me or punish me
or do whatever you're gonna do.
And I just... I wanna say
that I'm eternally loyal
and forever grateful for the opportunity
and I'll spend the rest of my life
regretting how badly I screwed it up.
I... I believe in you.
You'll have my vote forever
and whatever happens to me,
I'll do whatever I can from afar
to support you and your mayorship.
Yeah, I'm... I'm not gonna fire you.
I'll pack my things right away, sir.
I said, I'm not gonna fire you.
Or you, Sheila.
I've been around a lot of,
let's just say...
I know how unreliable people can be.
I've learned that loyalty and courage,
two qualities that are...
well...
not easily replicated.
Sir, I don't deserve to...
Um, Daniel, just shut up.
Are you trying to argue
yourself out of a job?
No.
I'm not.
I'm sorry, sir.
In the fullness of time,
you'll make a better man.
That said, if you ever do
anything like that again,
it will be the last thing
that you ever do.
Do you understand?
Yes, sir.
Loud and clear.
It'll never happen again.
Take two.
Mayor Fisk, you never see him.
Every week it seems like
he's involved in a new scandal.
I mean, look what just
happened with the garbage.
And look at all the garbage
on the street, you know.
How can we trust a guy like that
who makes all of these promises
to actually have our back?
- Projectile?
- Not recovered.
9 millimeter to the temple.
Execution style.
Single kill shot at extreme close range
and no one found the casing?
Hello?
Christ.
I know you are in...
It's me! It's me!
Frank! Frank! Frank!
It's me. It's Matthew.
Goddamn it!
- What're you doing here?
- How you been? Good?
Peachy.
- What do you want?
- A client of mine was shot, Frank.
Guess whose logo I found
on the bullet casing?
Oh, for Christ's sake.
Bunch of bullshit fanboys, huh?
Yeah, and a lot of them are cops.
- What does that got to do with me?
- Yeah.
Nothing to do with you, right. Silly me.
- Nice place you got here.
- Hmm. Appreciate that.
Although, here's a thought.
You know you could use
all this to be of service.
Yeah. Be of service, huh?
Are you... are you of service, Red?
Did you serve?
You prance around the city
in a Halloween costume
beating the snot out of bad guys.
Hey, thank you for your service!
I mean you could help people,
you could save lives.
I... I did that.
I was down range, Red.
Look at what it got me.
Oh, I apologize. I didn't realize
you were a victim in all this.
I didn't use that pussy-ass
word my entire life,
you don't put it in my mouth,
you understand that?
All right, so you tell me
what's going on, buddy.
What're you doing down
here day after day,
- just hiding out?
- I ain't hiding from shit!
- You walked in, I'm right here.
- Plotting your next kill?
- You're goddamn right.
- Great. How is that working out?
You wanna go out there
on the street, have at it!
But I do not have time for
your candy-ass hero shit.
- Is that clear?
- Yeah. Loud and clear.
- Yeah?
- Sorry to waste your time.
Yeah.
- I'll tell you what I think, Red.
- Tell me. Tell me what you think.
I don't think you came here for my help.
See. I think you want my permission.
You wanna get your hands on
somebody, huh? Wanna hurt 'em.
Maybe you're a little bit scared.
A little scared about what that means.
That's an interesting take. I like it.
But, uh, yeah, no. Sorry, buddy.
Way off on that one.
Yeah, you're so full of shit,
Counselor. So full of shit.
- You're guilty.
- Excuse me?
Yeah, that guilt, that shame,
that's my home, Red.
And I can see it on you, I can
smell it on you. It's all over you.
I'm gonna come back another day, Frank,
maybe catch you at a better time.
You come at me with that
horseshit about saving lives.
How 'bout that friend of
yours? You save his life?
You lost him, didn't you, Red?
- It's not about him.
- Then say his name.
It's not about him. It's not about him.
Ah, for Christ's sake, say his name!
Say his name, you coward, say his name!
It's not about him?
You hate yourself. It's eating you up
because you ain't done
a goddamn thing about it, so...
Oh, oh.
Goddamn it. Goddamn you.
Sorry, I apologize.
What are you sorry for?
First honest thing you did, Red.
- It's not about him.
- No.
Okay?
It's all about him.
He talks to you, dudn't he?
You hear his voice.
You do, don't you?
Every time I stop moving,
I still hear my little boy.
I see him.
And I hear his voice.
He says, "Get 'em, Daddy.
Every last single one of 'em, get 'em".
That's why I do what I do.
And that's why I see it in you.
That's why I see it in you
because you know you
didn't do a goddamn thing
and it's gonna keep eating at you.
It's gonna keep eating,
and eating, and eating.
There's no getting away
with it, you understand?
I ran him down.
Oh, for Christ's sake!
I did what I had to do.
And I let the system
take care of the rest...
Oh! You and your Goddamn sy...
You and your Goddamn system!
Christ!
So what now? Every day
Bullseye goes to the chow hole,
eats his slop,
you know he gets to breathe
the same air that you breathe.
- You feel good about that?
- He got life!
How 'bout old Foggy? He get life?
Foggy...
He was the...
kindest, purest soul I ever met.
And guys like you and me,
we can work a lifetime and
never measure up to his decency.
Goodbye, Frank.
So, when Dr. Glenn asked to talk...
She asked if you felt safe with me.
I assumed.
It's what a prudent psychiatrist
would ask.
I told her I did...
and I wasn't lying.
Well, I'm glad you feel that way.
I do.
But, Wilson...
Should I?
When I was a boy,
I learned by watching my father.
How to shake a man's hand.
How to know when someone
intends to cheat you.
I learned the power of persuasion.
How to move men's minds...
Or break their bodies.
But forgiveness...
That wasn't a part of who he was.
No. I am trying.
I would like for things
to be the way they were.
I understand that
that may not be possible.
People change.
I'm not the same woman
I was when you left.
No, you aren't, are you?
You're something even
more extraordinary.
If I didn't know any better, I'd
think you were trying to avoid me.
I'm so sorry.
I just got pulled into another meeting.
You don't have to be sorry.
Really?
Maybe a tiny bit.
It's funny how I...
When I'm not sleeping over,
I don't worry about you.
But you come home late one night
and my mind is spinning.
I mean, "What if he fell
into the subway tracks?
- Maybe somebody kidnapped him".
- Kidnapped?
"Maybe he needed a Heimlich...
... and there was no one to give it".
- I'm excellent at the Heimlich.
- Oh, yeah?
- Mmm-hmm.
- Well, I am sorry.
I mean, I'm not sorry, I'm sorry
you know, whatever. Just...
One of those days, I guess.
A client who was proven innocent
still ends up dead and
nobody seems to care.
I know, I'm sorry about that, Matt.
Another client's serving time at Rikers
for stealing a bag of caramel corn.
Sounds a bit excessive.
You ever feel like you're, uh,
pushing a rock up a hill
and there's a bunch of people
on the other side pushing it back.
How was your day?
Oh, you know...
A few garden variety neurotics
slash depressives
plus a not so garden variety
couple in crisis?
None of which you can tell me about.
Well, you know, I can tell you pretty
much anything you wanna know.
- Really?
- Hmm...
I'd just have to kill you.
You know, I got pretty used to
coming home to an empty apartment.
And now?
And now I can't imagine
you not being here.
Good answer.
Please... Mr. Fisk...
Mayor Fisk.
I was told forgiveness
is the highest form of love.
I wonder...
would you agree with that, Adam?
Please... Fisk!
Please.
Please!
Let me out!
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -